Which country was the first to use the tradition of Christmas trees? Germany 
Which was the last US state to declare an official holiday for Christmas? Oklahoma 
Which was the first country to issue a Christmas postage stamp? Austria 
Why country has a tradition of a witch dropping gifts for children through the chimney at Christmas? Italy 
What is Santa Claus called in France? Père Noél 
Which country is the largest exporter of Christmas trees? Canada 
Which American President banned Christmas trees in The White House? Theodore Roosevelt 
We all know about the tradition of hanging stockings for gifts. Which country uses shoes instead of socks for the same purpose? Netherlands 
Which company made the concept of Santa Claus popular in America? Coca-Cola
How many ghosts are there in A Christmas Carol? Four 
Which is the only Santa's reindeer that is named after another animal? Vixen 
When is Boxing Day? December 26 
Who helps Santa Claus in making his gifts? Elves 
Which Christmas song holds the credit as the most-selling Christmas single of all time? White Christmas 
Which popular Christmas food was an American invention? Eggnog 
Who was the first ghost to visit Scrooge? Ghost of Christmas Past 
What was the name of Scrooge’s deceased business partner? Jacob Marley 
What popular Christmas Song was originally sung at Thanksgiving? Jingle Bells 
The traditional image of the American Santa Claus was created by artist Haddon Sundbolm as a part of an advertising campaign for what product? Coca-cola 
Name the Reindeer whose name starts with a B? Blitzen
On the 11th day of Christmas what did my true love send to me? 11 Pipers Piping 
What Christmas food is made from “marsh-whorts”? Cranberry Sauce 
Which continent is the turkey from? North America 
What song demands that you bring us some figgy pudding? We Wish You A Merry Christmas 
Which popular dessert symbolizes the belief that a large log should burn continuously on Christmas Night? Buche de Noel 
Where is the Gingerbread Capital of the World? Nuremburg, Germany 
What ocean is Christmas Island located in? Indian Ocean 
What were the first artifical holiday trees made from? Goose Feathers 
In what country did the celebration of Boxing Day originate? England 
Hyvaa Joulua means Merry Christmas in what language? Finnish 
What is your favorite thing about Christmas? This game!
What is the true meaning of Christmas? CANDY
What is the coolest lab in the world (hint, it's the stable isotope lab)? stable isotope lab
What colour is the Grinch? Green
Who stole Christmas? The Grinch
What do you get in your stocking if you have been bad? Coal

